c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.exe
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.pdb
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\sfmlnet-audio-2.dll
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\sfmlnet-graphics-2.dll
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\sfmlnet-window-2.dll
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\obj\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.exe
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\obj\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.pdb
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-audio-2.dll
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-graphics-2.dll
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-window-2.dll
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\libsndfile-1.dll
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\openal32.dll
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\Content\pixelGuy.png
c:\users\jordan mcgraw\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\SfmlTestProj\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Font1.ttf
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\obj\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.exe
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\obj\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.pdb
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\Content\pixelGuy.png
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-audio-2.dll
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-graphics-2.dll
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\csfml-window-2.dll
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\libsndfile-1.dll
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\openal32.dll
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\Content\Font1.ttf
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.exe
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.pdb
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\sfmlnet-audio-2.dll
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\sfmlnet-graphics-2.dll
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\bin\x64\Debug\sfmlnet-window-2.dll
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Jaunt\SfmlTestProj\obj\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ares\SfmlTestProj\obj\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.exe
C:\Users\Jordan McGraw\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\Ares\SfmlTestProj\obj\x64\Debug\SfmlTestProj.pdb
